Helm extra labels (#2903)
apollographql/router: .changesets/config_helm_extra_labels.md

> ### Helm extra labels
> 
> Allow chart users to add custom labels to the router deployment and its pods.
> 
> By [@gscheibel(https://github.com/gscheibel/) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2903

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Helm: Charts now support for `extraLabels` for Deployments/Pods

Our Helm charts now support a new value called `extraLabels`, which enables chart users to add custom labels to the Router Deployment and its Pods.

By [@gscheibel(https://github.com/gscheibel/) in https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/2903
```

Reviewer 2: I committed a slightly modified version of this
